Preview pull requests solution (#859)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: README.md

GIFs can be inserted but should only be used when it gives clarity to more complex actions. When using GIFs, the :alt: text is StreamPlayer and :align: is center.

## Preview

> If you do not want to build the documentation to preview, you can install Esbonio https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=swyddfa.esbonio into VSCode. Then you can use the search bar to run >Esbonio:OpenPreview. This builds a preview file. This solution still requires that you have VSCode installed and the repository locally on your computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not want to build the documentation to preview from the terminal, you can install Esbonio https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=swyddfa.esbonio into VSCode. Then you can use the command palette to run >Esbonio:OpenPreview. This builds a preview file. This solution still requires that you have VSCode installed and the repository locally on your computer.
```
